docs(react-native): UI Component - ReactionModal (#856)
GetStream/stream-video-js: packages/react-native-sdk/docusaurus/docs/reactnative/04-ui-components/utility/reaction-modal.mdx

---
id: reaction-modal
title: ReactionModal
---

> The ReactionModal is a modal designed to show all the available reactions that are allowed in the application and also allows sending a reaction by tapping on them.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ReactionModal is a [modal](https://reactnative.dev/docs/modal) designed to show all the available reactions in the application and also allows sending a reaction by tapping on them.

```

> The ReactionModal component internally lists all the reactions that are supported through the `StreamVideoRN` config. By default we support '👍', '✋' and '🎉' reactions on our SDK. But this is fully customizable from app. To do that you can call the following from your application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ReactionModal` component internally lists all the reactions that are supported through the `StreamVideoRN` config. By default, we support '👍', '✋', and '🎉' reactions on our SDK. But this is fully customizable from the app. To do that, you can call the following from your application:
```
